
What are the U and M file markers in Visual Studio Code?

A - Added (This is a new file that has been added to the repository)

M - Modified (An existing file has been changed)

D - Deleted (a file has been deleted)

U - Untracked (The file is new or has been changed but has not been added to the repository yet)

C - Conflict (There is a conflict in the file)

R - Renamed (The file has been renamed)

S - Submodule (In repository exists another subrepository)


https://dzone.com/articles/top-20-git-commands-with-examples
Here are the Git commands which are being covered:

    git config	-This command sets the author name and email address respectively to be used with your commits.
    git init	-This command is used to start a new repository.
    git clone	-This command is used to obtain a repository from an existing URL.
    git add		-This command adds a file to the staging area.| git add * -This command adds one or more to the staging area.
    git commit	-This command records or snapshots the file permanently in the version history.
    git diff	-This command shows the file differences which are not yet staged.
    git reset	-This command unstages the file, but it preserves the file contents.
    git status	-This command lists all the files that have to be committed.
    git rm		-This command deletes the file from your working directory and stages the deletion.
    git log		-This command is used to list the version history for the current branch.	
    git show	-This command shows the metadata and content changes of the specified commit.
    git tag		-This command is used to give tags to the specified commit.
    git branch	-This command lists all the local branches in the current repository.
    git checkout	-This command is used to switch from one branch to another.
    git merge		-This command merges the specified branch’s history into the current branch.
    git remote		-This command is used to connect your local repository to the remote server.
    git push		-This command sends the committed changes of master branch to your remote repository.
    git pull		-This command fetches and merges changes on the remote server to your working directory.
    git stash		-This command temporarily stores all the modified tracked files.

	SIDAN INNEHÅLLER FLER FUNKTIONER PÅ SAMMA COMMANDS!